h1. Soluvas Data

Inspired by, and includes code from, "Spring Data Commons":http://www.springsource.org/spring-data/commons .

h2. Design Goals

1. Easily adaptable from/to Spring Data
2. Plays well with concurrency frameworks like Akka, java.util.concurrent, Guava concurrent
3. Reuses Querydsl for criteria building
4. Mostly typesafe (i.e. generics, objects/enums instead of strings)
5. Plays well with Camel routing framework
6. Plays well with AMQP
7. Plays well with EMF, EMF Notify, EMF Query, and CDO
8. Plays well with Map/Reduce
9. Works 100% in OSGi
10. Dynamic behavior at runtime
11. Multitenant aware
12. JavaScript client friendly
13. Plays well with Xtext
14. Plays well with Eclipse Jobs/Progress
15. Plays well in non-blocking environments such as Play and vert.x


h2. Q&A

h3. Association Repository vs Edge Repository vs EntityAssoc vs LookupAssoc Repository

1. Assoc repo : General ?
2. Edge repository: The edge is saved (this should apply for all assocRepo anyway, even if Edge is "slim", like LDAP Role).
3. EntityAssoc: the whole entity is saved, there is no notion of ID. Very uncommon.
3. IdAssoc: Only the ID is saved. Quite common and simplest. Example: LdapRolePersonAssoc.
4. LookupAssoc: Very common and most complex. The ID and a Shadow is saved. For light query operations, only ID is needed.
   For query operations which return shadows, only ID is needed, the objects will be returned from the shadow.
   For manipulation operations, if shadow already exists then no lookup is needed, but
   if not exists then lookup is needed to get the shadow which will be persisted.

Let's rename :

1.

h3. Will Soluvas Data merge with Spring Data?

Short answer: Not likely.

Soluvas Data aims to be practical, efficient, generic, and safe.

Among the features:

1. Suitable as remote interface (coarse-grained)
2. Callback support
3. Asynchronous support
4. Progress reporting
5. Result reporting
6. Static analysis

It's always possible to wrap Soluvas Data with Spring Data and vice versa using delegating adapter.

See also *Design Goals* above.